Literature Review on big data and security

Paper Citation:
A. A. Cárdenas, P. K. Manadhata and S. P. Rajan, "Big Data Analytics for Security," in IEEE Security & Privacy, vol. 11, no. 6, pp. 74-76, Nov.-Dec. 2013.

Summary:
The authors discuss the usage of big data in security field in the background of dramatically increasing data and cloud architectures.
They talk about the factors in economic feasibility for keeping a large amount of data, efficiency, and also warehouse expenses to prove the deficiency of traditional technologies.
They then talk about advantages of big data, such as using a single framework to deal with different kinds of data, as well as their effects on long-term threat detection.
Finally they reflect on the challenges of big data, including privacy problems, data authenticity, and visual analytics.

Strength:
The paper differentiates traditional technologies and big data technologies, which gives us a clear idea of why we should apply big data technologies in security issues.
The paper talks about the advantages as well as challenges of big data, which is objective and worth reading.


Paper Citation:
T. T. Teoh, Y. Zhang, Y. Y. Nguwi, Y. Elovici and W. L. Ng, "Analyst intuition inspired high velocity big data analysis using PCA ranked fuzzy k-means clustering with multi-layer perceptron (MLP) to obviate cyber security risk," 2017 13th International Conference on Natural Computation, Fuzzy Systems and Knowledge Discovery (ICNC-FSKD), Guilin, 2017, pp. 1790-1793.

Summary:
The authors explore cyber Malware attack data set and machine learning algorithms in detecting cyber-attacks. 
Their data processing can be applied to different data formats from different platforms.
They use Fuzzy k-Means to cluster data samples into three classes: attack, unsure and no attack, where Euclidean distance is involved.
Then they label some data so that they can train the classifier, where MLP Neural Network is used and weights are considered.

Strength:
The paper discusses cyber-attack, k-Means and big data analytics.
It means to reduce cyber-attack risks.
It puts some of the emphasis on data set processing, but it still worth reading.
