
3 Papers about Spark configuration:
    T. B. G. Perez, W. Chen, R. Ji, L. Liu and X. Zhou, "PETS: Bottleneck-Aware Spark Tuning with Parameter Ensembles," 2018 27th International Conference on Computer Communication and Networks (ICCCN), Hangzhou, 2018, pp. 1-9.
        The authors propose PETS to tune the Spark configurations, taking resource utilisation into consideration. 
        They propose score for bottleneck, and give reasons for that.
        The authors use a truth table to construct 50 fuzzy rules. The rules are something like, if the resource utilisation condition, then we need to tune the specific resource related configurations or not.
        Their outcome is different sets of tuned configuration according to various resources, i.e. CPU, Memory, Net and Disk.
        In the TABLE I of this paper, there are multiple Spark parameters and corresponding search space.

    N. Nguyen, M. Maifi Hasan Khan and K. Wang, "Towards Automatic Tuning of Apache Spark Configuration," 2018 IEEE 11th International Conference on Cloud Computing (CLOUD), San Francisco, CA, 2018, pp. 417-425. 
        The authors propose a model to tune the Spark configurations and improve the Spark allication performance. 
        Their contribution is that they can reduce the execution time by at most 40%, which is impressing.
        The authors select 13 Spark configurations in Table I, and they show their tuned configuration in Table VI.

    Gounaris, A. , & Torres, J. . (2017). A methodology for spark parameter tuning. Big Data Research, S2214579617300114.
        In section 3, the authors present the list of 12 configurations which they will investigate.
        The focus of this study is mainly on shuffling, compression and serialization in Spark.

    G. Wang, J. Xu and B. He, "A Novel Method for Tuning Configuration Parameters of Spark Based on Machine Learning," 2016 IEEE 18th International Conference on High Performance Computing and Communications; IEEE 14th International Conference on Smart City; IEEE 2nd International Conference on Data Science and Systems (HPCC/SmartCity/DSS), Sydney, NSW, 2016, pp. 586-593.
        The authors use machine learning to automatically tune the Spark cinfigurations.
        They tune the configuration parameters, but fix the application, input data and resources of the platform.
        They use execution time to show the performance.
        They use sets of configurations to predict the execution time.
        In TABLE I, it shows the configurations that they use.
        They use both binary (whether the predicted time is shorter than default) and multi-classification (decrease percentage).
        They find that Decision Tree has a great result.



2 Papers about selecting configurations:
    
    Junchen Jiang, Ganesh Ananthanarayanan, Peter Bodik, Siddhartha Sen, and Ion Stoica. 2018. Chameleon: scalable adaptation of video analytics. In Proceedings of the 2018 Conference of the ACM Special Interest Group on Data Communication (SIGCOMM '18). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 253-266.
        The paper proposes an adaptation method 'Chameleon', which picks the best configurations.
        They find the top-k best configurations with Algorithm 3. 
        They find that there are persistent characteristics over time, similarities cross cameras and that configuration knobs are independent.
        Those ideas make 'Chameleon' more efficient.

    C. Tantithamthavorn, S. McIntosh, A. E. Hassan and K. Matsumoto, "The Impact of Automated Parameter Optimization on Defect Prediction Models," in IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering, vol. 45, no. 7, pp. 683-711, 1 July 2019.
        In section 8.1, there are multiple optimization techniques for selecting parameters in an automatic way
        , including Grid Search, Random Search, Genetic Algorithm, Differential Evolution. 


2 Papers about rules:

    Peña M , Biscarri, Félix, Guerrero J I , et al. Rule-based system to detect energy efficiency anomalies in smart buildings, a data mining approach[J]. Expert Systems with Applications, 2016:S0957417416300938.
        This paper introduces a rule-based system to predict the energy inefficiency issue, and thus improve the behaviour.
        The rule-based system builds its base on an anomaly detection system. The detection system extracts the knowledge from indicators and historical data (data mining), so that it can detect the anomalies. 
        There are multiple indicators, like no. of on-off operations ... in APPENDIX B, where there are descriptions.
        Then it constructs the rules like: if indicators show something strange, then there might be some kind of issue.
        For example, in one rule, in its 'if', the authors take 'RTSB –Royal Decree 1826/2009' into consideration, which makes the rule more convinced.
        In its evaluation part, the authors include metrics like TP, FP, TN, FN.


    El-Semary, Edmonds, Gonzalez-Pino and Papa, "Applying Data Mining of Fuzzy Association Rules to Network Intrusion Detection," 2006 IEEE Information Assurance Workshop, West Point, NY, 2006, pp. 100-107.
        This paper is about the fuzzy rules.
        The authors introduce a data mining algorithm to generate the fuzzy rules.
        The rules are shown in Figure 8.
